
Interface
---------

Input options:
	type/paste gene list into a box - cf. PANTHER, DAVID/EASE, FunSpec

Display/download options:
	table or list of tab-separated rows of data for the selected data
	sources on each of the input genes


Data types
----------

All data is ONLY for the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae (the same
approach could be adopted for other model organisms)

1) Expression (transcriptomics) data, organized by Lab/Condition.
There are 2 sets of time course gene expression included.

(a) Absolute expression values (includes expression levels at time t=0)

Files are: "causton_*.tab"
 
Suggested terminology:
	Lab=Causton
	Condition={acid,alkali,h2o2,heat,salt,sorbitol}

(b) Relative (log-ratio) expression values (wrt expression at time t=0) 

Files are: "gasch_*.tab"

Suggested terminology:
	Lab=Gasch
	Condition={diamide,h2o2,heat,hyperosmotic,hypoosmotic,menadione}


2) Properties. These are attributes of a gene, such as belonging to a
cellular location, functional category or reaction pathway, etc. 
There are 2 sets of gene annotation properties included.

(a) GO terms. Only the GO IDs are included, but these can be included in
URL strings to make a link to the appropriate page, where the term
information is available. For example, a link to the EBI GO page
for "response to oxidative stress (GO:0006979)" is:

http://www.ebi.ac.uk/QuickGO/GTerm?id=GO:0006979

File is: "go.tab"

(b) Pathways. This is the set of pathways from YeastCyc downloaded from
SGD (see corresponding ReadMe for an explanation of the file format),

Files are: "sgd_pathways.tab", "sgd_pathways.readme"

3) Interactions. There are two types of interactions here, protein-protein
and transcription-factor binding. Protein-protein interactions are
undirected edges in the interaction graph, whereas transcription-factor
binding edges are directed (from protein to genomic promoter region).

Both files have two columns. For transcription-factor binding, the first
column is the transcription-factor and the second is the gene that is
regulated.

Files are: "ppi.tab", "tfbinds.tab"

4) Namespace conversion. 

Like many model organisms, genes in yeast have different names. The two
main name spaces used are the ORF and the Standard Name. All ORFs denoted
a part of the genomic sequence on one of the chromosomes (these start with
a 'Y'). Standard names are more readable, and usually are an abbreviation
of some function description of the gene.  A table is provided to enable
conversion of ORF to Standard Name, or vice versa.

File is: "orf2std.tab"
